who_who_WP O
plays_play_VVZ O
luke_luke_NN B-character.name
on_on_IN O
star_star_NN B-movie.name
wars_war_NNS I-movie.name
new_new_JJ I-movie.name
hope_hope_NN I-movie.name

show_show_NN O
credits_credit_NNS O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
godfather_godfather_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
main_main_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
exorcist_exorcist_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
female_female_JJ O
actress_actress_NN O
from_from_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
she_she_PP B-movie.name
's_be_VBZ I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
dory_dory_NN B-character.name
on_on_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
female_female_JJ O
lead_lead_NN O
in_in_IN O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
guido_guido_NN B-character.name
in_in_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
co-star_co-star_NN O
in_in_IN O
shoot_shoot_NN B-movie.name
to_to_TO I-movie.name
kill_kill_VV I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
guy_guy_NN O
who_who_WP O
plays_play_VVZ O
charlie_charlie_NN B-character.name
on_on_IN O
charlie_charlie_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS I-movie.name
angels_angel_NNS I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
plays_play_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
were_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
man_man_NN O
in_in_IN O
taxi_taxi_NN B-movie.name
driver_driver_NN I-movie.name

star_star_NN O
of_of_IN O
twilight_twilight_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
vulgaria_vulgaria_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
female_female_JJ O
actors_actor_NNS O
who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
in_in_IN O
lost_lose_VVN B-movie.name

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
the_the_DT O
set_set_VVN O
list_list_NN O
and_and_CC O
cast_cast_NN O
for_for_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

show_show_NN O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
's_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
for_for_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
in_in_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
in_in_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
were_be_VBD O
roberto_Roberto_NP B-actor.name
benigni_Benigni_NP I-actor.name
's_'s_POS O
costars_costar_NNS O
on_on_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
am_be_VBP O
looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
that_that_WDT O
played_play_VVD O
in_in_IN O
pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
women_woman_NNS I-movie.name

star_star_NN O
of_of_IN O
troy_troy_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
robin_robin_NN B-character.name
in_in_IN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name
forever_forever_RB I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
male_male_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
from_from_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
harry_harry_VVP I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
ranam_ranam_NP B-movie.name

rocky_rocky_JJ B-movie.name
actor_actor_NN O

what_what_WP O
actor_actor_NN O
played_play_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
amazing_amazing_JJ I-movie.name
spider_spider_NN I-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
captain_captain_NN B-movie.name
america_america_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
captain_captain_NN B-movie.name
america_america_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
captain_captain_NN B-movie.name
america_america_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
were_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
members_member_NNS O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hobbist_hobbist_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
varsham_varsham_NN B-movie.name

which_which_WDT O
female_female_JJ O
actors_actor_NNS O
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_july_RB I-movie.name

list_list_NN O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_july_RB I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_July_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_July_NN I-movie.name

roll_roll_NN O
credits_credit_NNS O
for_for_IN O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
sirisiri_sirisiri_NN B-movie.name
muvva_muvva_NN I-movie.name

rocky_rocky_JJ B-movie.name
2_2_CD O
actor_actor_NN O

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
chewbakka_chewbakka_NN B-character.name

who_who_WP O
stared_stare_VVD O
in_in_IN O
i_i_NP B-movie.name
love_love_NN I-movie.name
lucy_lucy_NN I-movie.name

apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name
cast_cast_NN O
members_member_NNS O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
more_more_JJR O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

castmembers_castmembers_NNS O
of_of_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

complete_complete_JJ O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
for_for_IN O
information_information_NN O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
of_of_IN O
appolo_appolo_NP B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
info_info_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
more_more_JJR O
facts_fact_NNS O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
in_in_IN O
detail_detail_NN O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
find_find_VV O
information_information_NN O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
of_of_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
more_more_JJR O
information_information_NN O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
actors_actor_NNS O
were_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
captain_captain_NN B-movie.name
america_america_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
gilda_Gilda_NP B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
credits_credit_NNS O

i_i_NP O
can_can_MD O
't_'t_NP O
remember_remember_VV O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
guy_guy_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

show_show_NN O
cast_cast_VVD O
list_list_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avergers_avergers_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
plays_play_VVZ O
nemo_nemo_NN B-character.name
in_in_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
of_of_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
main_main_JJ O
voices_voice_NNS O
in_in_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
main_main_JJ O
character_character_NN O
in_in_IN O
men_man_NNS B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
black_black_JJ I-movie.name
3_3_CD I-movie.name

can_can_NN O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VVP O
the_the_DT O
credits_credit_NNS O
for_for_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

cast_cast_VVN O
of_of_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
list_list_NN O
for_for_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
were_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
stars_star_NNS O
of_of_IN O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
male_male_JJ O
star_star_NN O
of_of_IN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
taxi_taxi_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
oranges_orange_NNS I-movie.name

actors_actor_NNS O
for_for_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
male_male_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
from_from_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
born_bear_VVN B-movie.name
free_free_JJ I-movie.name

actor_actor_NN O
from_from_IN O
iron_iron_NN B-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name

shows_show_NNS O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
shoot_shoot_NN B-movie.name
to_to_TO I-movie.name
kill_kill_VV I-movie.name

which_which_WDT O
actors_actor_NNS O
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
are_be_VBP O
all_all_RB O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
dark_dark_JJ B-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name
rising_rise_VVG I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
nick_nick_NN B-character.name
fury_fury_NN I-character.name
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
of_of_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
acted_act_VVD O
in_in_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_NN O
in_in_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
star_star_NN B-movie.name
wars_war_NNS I-movie.name
four_four_CD I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
esme_esme_NN B-character.name
in_in_IN O
twilight_twilight_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
esme_esme_NN B-character.name
in_in_IN O
twilight_twilight_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
parent_parent_NN I-movie.name
trap_trap_NN I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name
crew_crew_NN O

list_list_NN O
cast_cast_NN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
cast_cast_NN O

show_show_VV O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
of_of_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
actors_actor_NNS O
appeared_appear_VVD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
actors_actor_NNS O
played_play_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
of_of_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
star_star_NN O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

voice_voice_NN O
actor_actor_NN O
for_for_IN O
homer_homer_NN B-character.name
simpson_simpson_NN I-character.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
two_two_CD B-movie.name
can_can_MD I-movie.name
play_play_VV I-movie.name
that_that_DT I-movie.name
game_game_NN I-movie.name

actress_actress_NN O
from_from_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
this_this_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
information_information_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
pitchperfect_pitchperfect_NN B-movie.name

actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

who_who_WP O
acts_act_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
forager_forager_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
stars_star_VVZ O
in_in_IN O
forager_forager_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
for_for_IN O
now_now_RB B-movie.name
forager_forager_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
now_now_RB B-movie.name

actor_actor_NN O
from_from_IN O
modern_modern_JJ B-movie.name
family_family_NN I-movie.name

list_list_VV O
the_the_DT O
actors_actor_NNS O
in_in_IN O
forager_forager_NN B-movie.name

cast_cast_NN O
and_and_CC O
crew_crew_NN O
of_of_IN O
go_go_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
starred_star_VVD O
in_in_RB O
go_go_VV B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
actress_actress_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hunger_hunger_NN I-movie.name
games_game_NNS I-movie.name

show_show_NN O
cast_cast_VVD O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
request_request_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
cast_cast_NN O
in_in_IN O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_JJ I-movie.name
retribution_retribution_NN I-movie.name

list_list_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
actors_actor_NNS O
for_for_IN O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-character.name
tin_tin_NN I-character.name
man_man_NN I-character.name
in_in_IN O
wizard_wizard_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
oz_Oz_NP I-movie.name

actress_actress_NN O
in_in_IN O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O
barfi_barfi_NNS B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
woman_woman_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
savages_savage_NNS I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
jack_jack_NN B-character.name
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
male_male_JJ O
lead_lead_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
who_who_WP O
played_play_VVD O
what_what_WP O
role_role_NN O
in_in_IN O
go_go_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NP O
cannot_can_MD O
remember_remember_VV O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
women_woman_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
actor_actor_NN O
who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
parent_parent_NN I-movie.name
trap_trap_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
main_main_JJ O
actor_actor_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
help_help_NN I-movie.name

looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
crew_crew_NN O
members_member_NNS O
of_of_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

i_i_NP O
can_can_NN O
't_'t_NN O
figure_figure_NN O
out_out_IN O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
lead_lead_JJ O
guy_guy_NN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
were_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
ladies_lady_NNS O
in_in_IN O
facts_fact_NNS I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
life_life_NN I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
old_old_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
steven_steven_JJ B-person.name
spielberg_spielberg_NN I-person.name

when_when_WRB O
steven_steven_JJ B-person.name
spielberg_spielberg_NN I-person.name
born_bear_VVN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
tom_tom_NN B-person.name
cruise_cruise_NN I-person.name
's_'s_POS O
birthday_birthday_NN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
tom_tom_NN B-person.name
cruise_cruise_NN I-person.name
born_bear_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
is_be_VBZ O
will_will_NN B-person.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-person.name
's_'s_POS O
birthday_birthday_NN O

how_how_WRB O
old_old_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
kristen_kristen_NN B-person.name
stewart_stewart_NN I-person.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
it_it_PP O
cost_cost_VVD O
to_to_TO O
produce_produce_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O
to_to_TO O
produce_produce_VV O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name
budget_budget_NN O

the_the_DT B-movie.name
godfather_godfather_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
blind_blind_JJ I-movie.name
side_side_NN I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
freedom_freedom_NN B-movie.name
writers_writer_NNS I-movie.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
freedom_freedom_NN B-movie.name
writers_writer_NNS I-movie.name

look_look_VV O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
freedom_freedom_NN B-movie.name
writers_writer_NNS I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
was_be_VBD O
hunger_hunger_NN B-movie.name
games_game_NNS I-movie.name
made_make_VVN O
for_for_IN O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hunger_hunger_NN I-movie.name
games_game_NNS I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
hollywood_hollywood_NN O
pay_pay_NN O
for_for_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
were_be_VBD O
production_production_NN O
costs_cost_NNS O
for_for_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
wrong_wrong_JJ B-movie.name
turn_turn_NN I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
total_total_JJ O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
courageous_courageous_JJ B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
facing_face_VVG B-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
giants_giant_NNS I-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name

finding_find_VVG O
the_the_DT O
buget_buget_NN O
of_of_IN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name

looking_look_VVG O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
buget_buget_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
it_it_PP O
cost_cost_VVD O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
james_james_NNS B-director.name
cameron_cameron_NN I-director.name
have_have_VHP O
to_to_TO O
spend_spend_VV O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
must_must_MD O
have_have_VH O
cost_cost_VVN O
a_a_DT O
bundle_bundle_NN O

did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
have_have_VHP O
a_a_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
spending_spending_NN O

get_get_VV O
me_me_PP O
info_info_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
it_it_PP O
cost_cost_VVD O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
studio_studio_NN O
spend_spend_VVP O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_JJ O
money_money_NN O
was_be_VBD O
budgeted_budget_VVN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

list_list_VV O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_JJ O
money_money_NN O
was_be_VBD O
spent_spend_VVN O
on_on_IN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name
begins_begin_VVZ I-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
was_be_VBD O
it_it_PP O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name
begins_begin_VVZ I-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
it_it_PP O
take_take_VVP O
to_to_TO O
make_make_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
citizen_citizen_NN B-movie.name
kane_kane_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
out_out_IN O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
cujo_cujo_NN B-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O
information_information_NN O
please_please_RB O

gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
hulk_hulk_NN B-movie.name

budget_budget_NN O
request_request_NN O
for_for_IN O
my_my_PP$ B-movie.name
big_big_JJ I-movie.name
fat_fat_JJ I-movie.name
greek_Greek_NN I-movie.name
wedding_wedding_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
my_my_PP$ B-movie.name
big_big_JJ I-movie.name
fat_fat_JJ I-movie.name
greek_Greek_NN I-movie.name
wedding_wedding_NN I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
my_my_PP$ B-movie.name
big_big_JJ I-movie.name
fat_fat_JJ I-movie.name
greek_Greek_NN I-movie.name
wedding_wedding_NN I-movie.name
cost_cost_NN O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
of_of_IN O
my_my_PP$ B-movie.name
big_big_JJ I-movie.name
fat_fat_JJ I-movie.name
greek_Greek_NN I-movie.name
wedding_wedding_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
old_old_JJ B-movie.name
school_school_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
bourne_bourne_NN I-movie.name
identity_identity_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

how_how_WRB O
much_much_RB O
did_do_VVD O
it_it_PP O
cost_cost_VVD O
to_to_TO O
produce_produce_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
deer_deer_NN I-movie.name
hunter_hunter_NN I-movie.name

provide_provide_VV O
the_the_DT O
cost_cost_NN O
for_for_IN O
producing_produce_VVG O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
deer_deer_NN I-movie.name
hunter_hunter_NN I-movie.name

will_will_MD O
you_you_PP O
show_show_VV O
the_the_DT O
cost_cost_NN O
to_to_TO O
produce_produce_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
deer_deer_NN I-movie.name
hunter_hunter_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hobbit_hobbit_NN I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
what_what_WP O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
lion_lion_NN I-movie.name
king_king_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O
was_be_VBD O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
lion_lion_NN I-movie.name
king_king_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
passion_passion_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
christ_christ_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
budget_budget_NN O
for_for_IN O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
budget_budget_NN O

who_who_WP O
does_do_VVZ O
ellen_ellen_JJ B-actor.name
degeneres_degeneres_NNS I-actor.name
play_play_VVP O
in_in_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
character_character_NN O
did_do_VVD O
tom_tom_NN B-actor.name
hanks_hank_NNS I-actor.name
play_play_VVP O
in_in_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

lion_lion_NN B-movie.name
king_king_NN I-movie.name
characters_character_NNS O

what_what_WP O
character_character_NN O
did_do_VVD O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
smith_smith_NN I-actor.name
play_play_NN O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
role_role_NN O
did_do_VVD O
sarah_sarah_NN B-actor.name
polley_polley_NNS I-actor.name
play_play_VVP O
in_in_RB O
go_go_VV B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
kevin_kevin_NN B-actor.name
james_james_NNS I-actor.name
role_role_NN O
in_in_IN O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
music_music_NN O
in_in_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
music_music_NN O
composer_composer_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
musical_musical_JJ O
score_score_NN O
in_in_IN O
barfi_barfi_NNS B-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
films_film_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
ed_editor_NN B-actor.name
harris_harris_NNS I-actor.name
do_do_VVP O
with_with_IN O
tom_tom_NN B-actor.name
hanks_hank_NNS I-actor.name

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
were_be_VBD O
released_release_VVN O
on_on_IN O
nine_nine_CD B-movie.release_date
twenty_twenty_CD I-movie.release_date
eight_eight_CD I-movie.release_date
twelve_twelve_NN I-movie.release_date

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
were_be_VBD O
filmed_film_VVN O
in_in_IN O
asia_Asia_NN B-movie.location

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
films_film_NNS O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
barbra_barbra_NN B-director.name
streisand_streisand_NN I-director.name
have_have_VHP O
been_be_VBN O
shot_shoot_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
czech_Czech_NN B-movie.location
republic_republic_NN I-movie.location

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
albert_albert_NN B-producer.name
ruddy_ruddy_JJ I-producer.name
produced_produce_VVD O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
lionsgate_lionsgate_RB B-producer.name
done_do_VVN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
richard_richard_NN B-director.name
lester_lester_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
films_film_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
taye_taye_NNS B-actor.name
diggs_diggs_NNS I-actor.name
been_be_VBN O
in_in_IN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
ray_ray_NN B-producer.name
stark_stark_RB I-producer.name
produced_produce_VVN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
producers_producer_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name
have_have_VHP O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
charles_charles_NNS B-director.name
vidor_vidor_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
kristen_Kristen_NP B-actor.name
stewart_Stewart_NP I-actor.name
made_make_VVD O

i_i_NNS O
wonder_wonder_VVP O
how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
alfred_alfred_NN B-actor.name
hitchcock_hitchcock_NN I-actor.name
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN O
that_that_WDT O
he_he_PP O
directed_direct_VVD O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
steven_steven_JJ B-director.name
spielberg_spielberg_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
films_film_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
robert_robert_JJ B-director.name
wise_wise_JJ I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
tom_tom_NN B-actor.name
cruise_cruise_NN I-actor.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
scorsese_scorsese_NN B-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
angelina_angelina_NN B-actor.name
jolie_jolie_NN I-actor.name
been_be_VBN O
in_in_IN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
victor_victor_NN B-director.name
fleming_fleming_VVG I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
woody_woody_JJ B-director.name
allen_allen_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
darla_darla_NN B-producer.name
anderson_anderson_NN I-producer.name
produced_produce_VVD O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
films_film_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
alfred_alfred_NN B-director.name
hitchcock_hitchcock_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
hitchcock_hitchcock_NN B-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
tom_tom_NN B-actor.name
hanks_hank_NNS I-actor.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
woody_woody_JJ B-director.name
allen_allen_NN I-director.name
movies_movie_NNS O
starred_star_VVD O
diane_Diane_NP B-actor.name
keaton_Keaton_NP I-actor.name

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
films_film_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
ed_edited_VVN B-actor.name
harris_harris_NNS I-actor.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O

how_how_WRB O
many_many_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
are_be_VBP O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
united_unite_VVN B-country.name
states_state_NNS I-country.name

where_where_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
footnote_footnote_NN B-movie.name
made_make_VVN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
flowers_flower_NNS I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
war_war_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
from_from_IN O

country_country_NN O
of_of_IN O
le_le_DT B-movie.name
havre_havre_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
does_do_VVZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
kati_kati_NN B-movie.name
patang_patang_NN I-movie.name
comes_come_VVZ O
from_from_IN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
country_country_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
thoda_thoda_NN B-movie.name
pyaar_pyaar_NN I-movie.name
thoda_thoda_NN I-movie.name
magic_magic_NN I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
which_which_WDT O
country_country_NN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
kati_kati_NN B-movie.name
patang_patang_NN I-movie.name
comes_come_VVZ O
from_from_IN O

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
country_country_NN O
to_to_TO O
which_which_WDT O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
kati_kati_NN B-movie.name
patang_patang_NN I-movie.name
belongs_belong_VVZ O
to_to_TO O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
country_country_NN O
from_from_IN O
which_which_WDT O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
kati_kati_NN B-movie.name
patang_patang_NN I-movie.name
comes_come_VVZ O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
which_which_WDT O
country_country_NN O
does_do_VVZ O
thoda_thoda_NN B-movie.name
pyaar_pyaar_NN I-movie.name
thoda_thoda_NN I-movie.name
magic_magic_NN I-movie.name
belongs_belong_VVZ O
to_to_TO O

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
country_country_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
thoda_thoda_NN B-movie.name
pyaar_pyaar_NN I-movie.name
thoda_thoda_NN I-movie.name
magic_magic_NN I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
which_which_WDT O
country_country_NN O
does_do_VVZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
thoda_thoda_NN B-movie.name
pyaar_pyaar_NN I-movie.name
thoda_thoda_NN I-movie.name
magic_magic_NN I-movie.name
belongs_belong_VVZ O
to_to_TO O

country_country_NN O
that_that_WDT O
made_make_VVD O
a_a_DT B-movie.name
separation_separation_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
godzilla_godzilla_NN B-movie.name

country_country_NN O
of_of_IN O
weekend_weekend_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
search_search_VV O
for_for_IN O
what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
cell_cell_NN B-movie.name
21_@card@_CD I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O
from_from_IN O

look_look_VV O
for_for_IN O
what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
cell_cell_NN B-movie.name
21_@card@_CD I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O
from_from_IN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
cell_cell_NN B-movie.name
21_@card@_CD I-movie.name
from_from_IN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
did_do_VVD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
beauty_beauty_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
from_from_IN O

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
where_where_WRB O
trainspotting_trainspotting_NN B-movie.name
comes_come_VVZ O
from_from_IN O

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
where_where_WRB O
is_be_VBZ O
trainspotting_trainspotting_VVG B-movie.name
from_from_IN O

which_which_WDT O
country_country_NN O
made_make_VVD O
elizabeth_elizabeth_NN B-movie.name

where_where_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
trainspotting_trainspotting_VVG B-movie.name
made_make_VVN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
did_do_VVD O
shindler_shindler_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS I-movie.name
list_list_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
from_from_IN O

which_which_WDT O
country_country_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
this_this_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
from_from_IN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
where_where_WRB O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O
from_from_IN O

where_where_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name
produced_produce_VVD O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
origin_origin_NN O
of_of_IN O
casa_casa_NN B-movie.name
blanca_blanca_NN I-movie.name

origin_origin_NN O
of_of_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

lion_lion_NN B-movie.name
king_king_NN I-movie.name
filmed_film_VVN O
at_at_IN O

where_where_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
rocky_rocky_JJ B-movie.name
four_four_CD I-movie.name
filmed_film_VVD O

origin_origin_NN O
of_of_IN O
spanglish_spanglish_NN B-movie.name

movie_movie_NN O
made_make_VVD O
where_where_WRB O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
movie_movie_NN O
from_from_IN O

in_in_IN O
what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
was_be_VBD O
movie_movie_NN O
made_make_VVN O

where_where_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
movie_movie_NN O
made_make_VVN O

is_be_VBZ O
this_this_DT O
a_a_DT O
foreign_foreign_JJ O
film_film_NN O

is_be_VBZ O
this_this_DT O
a_a_DT O
foreign_foreign_JJ O
film_film_NN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
was_be_VBD O
kinky_kinky_JJ B-movie.name
boots_boot_NNS I-movie.name
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
outside_outside_IN B-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
law_law_NN I-movie.name
from_from_IN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
produced_produce_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
mirror_mirror_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
does_do_VVZ O
mirror_mirror_NN B-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
from_from_IN O

what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
does_do_VVZ O
les_les_FW B-movie.name
miserable_miserable_JJ I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
from_from_IN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
origin_origin_NN O
country_country_NN O
of_of_IN O
mirror_mirror_NN B-movie.name

in_in_IN O
what_what_WP O
country_country_NN O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
mirror_mirror_NN B-movie.name
produced_produce_VVD O

where_where_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
mirror_mirror_NN B-movie.name
produced_produce_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
does_do_VVZ O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
top_top_JJ B-movie.name
gun_gun_NN I-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
richard_richard_JJ B-director.name
lester_lester_NN I-director.name
start_start_NN O
directing_directing_NN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_july_RB I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
little_little_JJ I-movie.name
mermaid_mermaid_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
date_date_NN O
was_be_VBD O
spider_spider_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
when_when_WRB O
24_@card@_CD B-movie.name
will_will_MD O
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

do_do_VV O
you_you_PP O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
24_@card@_CD B-movie.name
will_will_MD O
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
24_@card@_CD B-movie.name
will_will_MD O
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
24_@card@_RB B-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

how_how_WRB O
will_will_MD O
i_i_NNS O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name
will_will_MD O
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

please_please_UH O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

please_please_UH O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name
will_will_MD O
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

do_do_VV O
you_you_PP O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
this_this_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
available_available_JJ O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
released_release_VVD O

which_which_WDT O
decade_decade_NN O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
come_come_VVN O
out_out_RP O

which_which_WDT O
month_month_NN O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
released_release_VVD O

release_release_NN O
day_day_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

may_may_MD O
i_i_NP O
have_have_VHP O
the_the_DT O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
release_release_NN O
for_for_IN O
this_this_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
vow_vow_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
beauty_beauty_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
lionsgate_lionsgate_RB B-producer.name
start_start_VV O
making_make_VVG O
movies_movie_NNS O

search_search_VV O
when_when_WRB O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
birds_bird_NNS I-movie.name
will_will_MD O
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
did_do_VVD O
spielberg_spielberg_RB B-director.name
start_start_VV O
directing_direct_VVG O
movies_movie_NNS O

the_the_DT B-movie.name
godfather_godfather_NN I-movie.name
came_come_VVD O
out_out_RP O
when_when_WRB O

when_when_WRB O
can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
great_great_JJ I-movie.name
gatsby_gatsby_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
great_great_JJ I-movie.name
gatsby_gatsby_NN I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
great_great_JJ I-movie.name
gatsby_gatsby_NN I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
jaws_jaw_NNS B-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hobbit_hobbit_NN I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hobbit_hobbit_NN I-movie.name
relased_relased_VVD O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
grease_grease_NN B-movie.name
open_open_JJ O

movie_movie_NN O
little_little_JJ B-movie.name
women_woman_NNS I-movie.name
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
when_when_WRB O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
little_little_JJ B-movie.name
women_woman_NNS I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
title_title_NN O
little_little_JJ B-movie.name
women_woman_NNS I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
please_please_VV O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
karate_karate_NN B-movie.name
kid_kid_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

karate_karate_NN B-movie.name
kid_kid_NN I-movie.name
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O

find_find_VV O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
karate_karate_NN B-movie.name
kid_kid_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
was_be_VBD O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
overboard_overboard_RB B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
did_do_VVD O
moon_moon_NN B-movie.name
over_over_IN I-movie.name
parador_parador_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
out_out_RP O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name
get_get_VV O
released_release_VVN O

lion_lion_NN B-movie.name
king_king_NN I-movie.name
release_release_NN O
yr_Yr_NN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
while_while_IN B-movie.name
you_you_PP I-movie.name
were_be_VBD I-movie.name
sleeping_sleep_VVG I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
was_be_VBD O
ed_edited_VVN B-actor.name
harris_harris_NN I-actor.name
in_in_IN O
in_in_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
date_date_NN O
when_when_WRB O
welcome_welcome_JJ B-movie.name
to_to_TO I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
dollhouse_dollhouse_NN I-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
released_release_VVN O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
toy_toy_JJ B-movie.name
story_story_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
relase_relase_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
men_man_NNS B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
black_black_JJ I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
possessed_possess_VVN B-movie.name
realese_realese_JJ O
date_date_NN O

look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_JJ I-movie.name
debut_debut_NN O
in_in_IN O
theaters_theater_NNS O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
theaters_theater_NNS O
show_show_VV O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
resident_resident_NN B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_RB I-movie.name
first_first_JJ O
in_in_IN O
theatres_theatre_NNS O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
scooby_scooby_NNS B-movie.name
do_do_VVP I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

in_in_IN O
which_which_WDT O
date_date_NN O
varsham_varsham_NN B-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
released_release_VVD O

in_in_IN O
which_which_WDT O
month_month_NN O
varsham_varsham_NN B-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
released_release_VVD O

release_release_NN O
twilight_twilight_NN B-movie.name

frankenstein_frankenstein_NN B-movie.name
release_release_NN O

frankenstein_frankenstein_NN B-movie.name
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
frankenstein_frankenstein_NN B-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name
relesed_relesed_VVD O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
released_release_VVN O

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
happiness_happiness_NN B-movie.name
get_get_VV O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
paranormal_paranormal_JJ B-movie.name
activity_activity_NN I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
realease_realease_NN O
date_date_NN O

avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
release_release_NN O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
get_get_VV O
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

what_what_WP O
day_day_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
date_date_NN O
was_be_VBD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
theatre_theatre_NN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

how_how_WRB O
long_long_RB O
has_have_VHZ O
black_black_NN B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name
been_be_VBN O
out_out_RP O

find_find_VV O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
help_help_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
can_can_MD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
help_help_NN I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
when_when_WRB O
compliance_compliance_NN B-movie.name
came_come_VVD O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
is_be_VBZ O
sinister_sinister_JJ B-movie.name
hitting_hit_VVG O
theaters_theater_NNS O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hunger_hunger_NN I-movie.name
games_game_NNS I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
first_first_JJ O
hunger_hunger_NN I-movie.name
games_game_NNS I-movie.name
shown_show_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
avengers_avenger_NNS B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
lawless_lawless_JJ B-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
snow_snow_NN B-movie.name
white_white_NN I-movie.name
and_and_CC I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
huntsman_huntsman_NN I-movie.name

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
amazing_amazing_JJ B-movie.name
spiderman_spiderman_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
the_the_DT O
next_next_JJ O
amazing_amazing_JJ B-movie.name
spiderman_spiderman_NN I-movie.name
come_come_VVN O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
amazing_amazing_JJ I-movie.name
spiderman_spiderman_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
theatres_theatre_NNS O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
vulgaria_vulgaria_NN B-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
vulgaria_vulgaria_NNS B-movie.name
come_come_VV O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
vulgaria_vulgaria_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

what_what_WP O
date_date_NN O
did_do_VVD O
vulgaria_vulgaria_NNS B-movie.name
open_open_JJ O

when_when_WRB O
did_do_VVD O
dredd_dredd_RB B-movie.name
come_come_VV O
out_out_RP O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
godfather_godfather_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
watch_watch_NN I-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
paranorman_paranorman_NP B-movie.name
be_be_VB O
released_release_VVN O

what_what_WP O
year_year_NN O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
campaign_campaign_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
expendables_expendable_NNS B-movie.name
2_2_CD I-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
resident_resident_JJ B-movie.name
evil_evil_NN I-movie.name
:_:_: I-movie.name
retribution_retribution_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
calendar_calendar_NN O
date_date_NN O
release_release_NN O
for_for_IN O
looper_looper_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
barfi_barfi_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
barfi_barfi_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
barfi_barfi_NN B-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
barfi_barfi_NN B-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name

please_please_UH O
find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
of_of_IN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
herione_herione_RB B-movie.name
released_release_VVN O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
heroine_heroine_NN B-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
was_be_VBD O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name
released_release_VVD O

when_when_WRB O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name
showing_showing_NN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O
for_for_IN O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

is_be_VBZ O
iron_iron_NN B-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name
3_3_CD I-movie.name
in_in_IN O
theatres_theatre_NNS O
yet_yet_RB O

when_when_WRB O
is_be_VBZ O
iron_iron_NN B-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name
3_3_CD I-movie.name
coming_come_VVG O
out_out_RP O

when_when_WRB O
will_will_MD O
iron_iron_VV B-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name
3_3_LS I-movie.name
be_be_VB O
out_out_RP O
in_in_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
theatres_theatre_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
listed_list_VVN O
by_by_IN O
directors_director_NNS O

director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
directors_director_NNS O
of_of_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
directors_director_NNS O
of_of_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
details_detail_NNS O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
directors_director_NNS O
of_of_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
's_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
pi_pi_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
batman_batman_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
about_about_IN O
inception_inception_NN B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
director_director_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
filmed_film_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
person_person_NN O
that_that_WDT O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
dark_dark_JJ I-movie.name
knight_knight_NN I-movie.name

which_which_WDT O
director_director_NN O
directed_direct_VVD O
a_a_DT B-movie.name
hard_hard_JJ I-movie.name
day_day_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
a_a_DT B-movie.name
hard_hard_JJ I-movie.name
day_day_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
a_a_DT B-movie.name
hard_hard_JJ I-movie.name
day_day_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
hard_hard_JJ B-movie.name
days_day_NNS I-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
cast_cast_NN B-movie.name
away_away_RB I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
forest_forest_NN B-movie.name
gump_gump_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
forest_forest_NN B-movie.name
gump_gump_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
sleepless_sleepless_JJ B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
seattle_Seattle_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
opening_opening_NN B-movie.name
night_night_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
men_man_NNS B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
black_black_JJ I-movie.name
3_3_CD I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
in_in_IN O
men_man_NNS B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
black_black_JJ I-movie.name
3_3_CD I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

display_display_NN O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avengers_avenger_NNS B-movie.name

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
exorcist_exorcist_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
social_social_JJ I-movie.name
network_network_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
big_big_JJ B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
ghost_ghost_NN B-movie.name
busters_buster_NNS I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
woman_woman_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
godzilla_godzilla_NN B-movie.name

rocky_rocky_JJ B-movie.name
director_director_NN O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
hope_hope_NN B-movie.name
floats_float_NNS I-movie.name

avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
whom_whom_WP O

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

which_which_WDT O
director_director_NN O
directed_direct_VVD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
did_do_VVD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
called_call_VVD O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
star_star_NN B-movie.name
wars_war_NNS I-movie.name
four_four_CD I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_july_RB I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
steel_steel_NN B-movie.name
magnolias_magnolia_NNS I-movie.name

the_the_DT B-movie.name
silence_silence_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
lambs_lamb_NNS I-movie.name
director_director_NN O

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
incredibles_incredibles_NNS I-movie.name

gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name
director_director_NN O

list_list_NN O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name
director_director_NN O

search_search_NN O
director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name

search_search_NN O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name
director_director_NN O

the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name
director_director_NN O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name

goodfellas_goodfellas_NNS B-movie.name
director_director_NN O

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
field_field_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
dreams_dream_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
field_field_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
dreams_dream_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
field_field_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
dreams_dream_NNS I-movie.name
possible_possible_JJ O

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
please_please_VV O
see_see_VV O
more_more_JJR O
details_detail_NNS O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
director_director_NN O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
hitch_hitch_NN B-movie.name

director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
anne_anne_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
green_green_JJ I-movie.name
gables_gable_NNS I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
platoon_platoon_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
varsham_varsham_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
grizzly_grizzly_JJ B-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
to_to_TO B-movie.name
kill_kill_VV I-movie.name
a_a_DT I-movie.name
mockingbird_mockingbird_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
e_e_NN B-movie.name
t_t_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
et_et_FW B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
et_et_NP B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
jaws_jaw_NNS B-movie.name

look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
info_info_NN O
about_about_IN O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
director_director_NN O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
jurassic_Jurassic_JJ B-movie.name
park_park_NN I-movie.name

old_old_JJ B-movie.name
man_man_NN I-movie.name
director_director_NN O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
find_find_VV O
out_out_RP O
who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
batman_batman_NN B-movie.name

looper_looper_NN B-movie.name
directors_director_NNS O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
perfect_perfect_JJ I-movie.name
storm_storm_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
dirty_dirty_JJ B-movie.name
dancing_dancing_NN I-movie.name

director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
pride_pride_NN B-movie.name
and_and_CC I-movie.name
prejudice_prejudice_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
thing_thing_NN I-movie.name
called_call_VVD I-movie.name
love_love_NN I-movie.name

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
twilight_twilight_NN B-movie.name

twilight_twilight_NN B-movie.name
was_be_VBD O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
whom_whom_WP O

who_who_WP O
else_else_RB O
directs_direct_VVZ O
zombie_zombie_NN O
movies_movie_NNS O

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name

look_look_VV O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
hum_hum_NN B-movie.name
tum_tum_NN I-movie.name

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
cabin_cabin_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
woods_wood_NNS I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
am_be_VBP O
interested_interested_JJ O
in_in_IN O
who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
cabin_cabin_NN B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
woods_wood_NNS I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
cabin_cabin_NN B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
woods_wood_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
cabin_cabin_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
woods_wood_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
soul_soul_NN B-movie.name
surfer_surfer_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
sandlot_sandlot_NN I-movie.name

which_which_WDT O
director_director_NN O
made_make_VVD O
a_a_DT B-movie.name
comedy_comedy_NN I-movie.name

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
halloween_halloween_NN B-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
look_look_VV O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
freedom_freedom_NN B-movie.name
writers_writer_NNS I-movie.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
look_look_VV O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
freedom_freedom_NN B-movie.name
writers_writer_NNS I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
titanic_titanic_JJ B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
mechanic_mechanic_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
mask_mask_NN B-movie.name

director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
hulk_hulk_NN B-movie.name

did_do_VVD O
robert_robert_JJ B-director.name
wise_wise_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_VV O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
sound_sound_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
music_music_NN I-movie.name

was_be_VBD O
robert_robert_RB B-director.name
wise_wise_JJ I-director.name
the_the_DT O
only_only_JJ O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
sound_sound_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
music_music_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
sound_sound_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
music_music_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
sound_sound_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
music_music_NN I-movie.name

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
sound_sound_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
music_music_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
director_director_NN O
shot_shoot_VVD O
the_the_DT O
1st_1st_JJ O
lord_lord_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
rings_ring_NNS I-movie.name
film_film_NN O

who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
return_return_NN B-movie.name

who_who_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
return_return_NN B-movie.name

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
return_return_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
was_be_VBD O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
in_in_IN O
men_man_NNS B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
black_black_JJ I-movie.name
3_3_CD I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avengers_avenger_NNS B-movie.name

find_find_VV O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
chips_chip_NNS B-movie.name

name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
director_director_NN O
for_for_IN O
house_house_NN B-movie.name
at_at_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
end_end_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
street_street_NN I-movie.name

name_name_VV O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
sleepless_sleepless_JJ B-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
seattle_Seattle_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
director_director_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
platoon_platoon_NN B-movie.name

get_get_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
who_who_WP O
directed_direct_VVD O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
master_master_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
director_director_NN O
's_'s_POS O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
lord_lord_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
rings_ring_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
name_name_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
person_person_NN O
who_who_WP O
made_make_VVD O
et_et_NP B-movie.name

rocky_rocky_JJ B-movie.name
director_director_NN O
's_'s_POS O
name_name_NN O

what_what_WP O
type_type_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
gilda_gilda_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
types_type_NNS O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
does_do_VVZ O
lionsgate_lionsgate_RB B-producer.name
produce_produce_VV O

what_what_WP O
kind_kind_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hunger_hunger_NN I-movie.name
games_game_NNS I-movie.name

genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
transformers_transformer_NNS B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
looper_looper_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
looper_looper_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
rambo_rambo_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
jaws_jaws_NN B-movie.name
movies_movie_NNS O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
1000_@card@_CD B-movie.name
words_word_NNS I-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
am_be_VBP O
interested_interested_JJ O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
1000_@card@_CD B-movie.name
words_word_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
type_type_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
parenthood_parenthood_NN B-movie.name

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
lawless_lawless_JJ B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
lawless_lawless_JJ B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
lawless_lawless_JJ B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN B-movie.name
july_july_RB I-movie.name

genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
gone_go_VVN B-movie.name
with_with_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
wind_wind_NN I-movie.name

how_how_WRB O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
classified_classify_VVD O

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
category_category_NN O

how_how_WRB O
would_would_MD O
you_you_PP O
describe_describe_VV O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

type_type_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
classification_classification_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
genre_genre_NN O

what_what_WP O
kind_kind_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
type_type_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
this_this_DT O

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
step_step_NN B-movie.name
up_up_RB I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
step_step_VV B-movie.name
up_up_RP I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
step_step_VV B-movie.name
up_up_RP I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
calendar_calendar_NN B-movie.name
girls_girl_NNS I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
patriot_patriot_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
network_network_NN B-movie.name
in_in_IN O

find_find_VV O
out_out_IN O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
rebel_rebel_NN B-movie.name

genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
avengers_avenger_NNS I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
what_what_WDT O
genre_genre_NN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name
falls_fall_VVZ O
in_in_IN O

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
avatar_avatar_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
superman_superman_NN B-movie.name

pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
girl_girl_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
genre_genre_NN O

pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
girl_girl_NN I-movie.name
what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
's_'s_POS O
genre_genre_NN O

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
pretty_pretty_RB B-movie.name
girl_girl_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
girl_girl_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
out_out_RP O
what_what_WP O
kind_kind_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
grease_grease_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O

i_i_NN O
d_d_SYM O
like_like_IN O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
grease_grease_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
of_of_IN O
grease_grease_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
kind_kind_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
grease_grease_NN B-movie.name

find_find_VV O
out_out_IN O
the_the_DT O
genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
annamayya_annamayya_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
movie_movie_NN O
category_category_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
friday_friday_RB B-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
13th_13th_JJ I-movie.name

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
what_what_WDT O
genre_genre_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
tommyknockers_Tommyknocker_NNS I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
hangover_hangover_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
catergory_catergory_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
ted_ted_VV B-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
ted_ted_VV B-movie.name
considered_consider_VVN O

what_what_WP O
type_type_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
ted_ted_VV B-movie.name
considered_consider_VVN O
to_to_TO O
be_be_VB O

genre_genre_NN O
for_for_IN O
while_while_IN B-movie.name
you_you_PP I-movie.name
were_be_VBD I-movie.name
sleeping_sleep_VVG I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
genre_genre_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

which_which_WDT O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
used_use_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
sound_sound_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
music_music_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
this_this_DT O
film_film_NN O

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
different_different_JJ O
languages_language_NNS O
this_this_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
come_come_VVN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
foreign_foreign_JJ O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
spoken_speak_VVN O
in_in_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN O

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
anna_anna_NN B-movie.name
karinia_karinia_NN I-movie.name

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
godzilla_godzilla_NN B-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
hamlet_hamlet_NN B-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hero_hero_NN B-movie.name

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hero_hero_NN B-movie.name

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
hero_hero_NN B-movie.name

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
bullhead_bullhead_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
shindler_Shindler_NP B-movie.name
's_'s_POS I-movie.name
list_list_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
did_do_VVD O
the_the_DT O
characters_character_NNS O
speak_speak_VVP O
in_in_IN O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
black_black_JJ B-movie.name
swan_swan_NN I-movie.name

please_please_UH O
find_find_VV O
what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
chaser_chaser_NN I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
chaser_chaser_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
chaser_chaser_NN I-movie.name
is_be_VBZ O
in_in_IN O

ondskan_ondskan_NP B-movie.name
's_'s_POS O
language_language_NN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
la_la_DT O
havre_havre_NN B-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
foreign_foreign_JJ O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
belle_belle_NN B-movie.name
available_available_JJ O
to_to_TO O
view_view_VV O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
watch_watch_VV O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
professional_professional_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
professional_professional_JJ I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

how_how_WRB O
do_do_VVP O
they_they_PP O
speak_speak_VVP O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
the_the_DT B-movie.name
professional_professional_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
spoken_speak_VVN O
in_in_IN O
indochine_indochine_NN B-movie.name

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
film_film_NN O
revanche_revanche_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
was_be_VBD O
aguirre_aguirre_JJ B-movie.name
wrath_wrath_NN I-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
god_god_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
passion_passion_NN B-movie.name
of_of_IN I-movie.name
the_the_DT I-movie.name
christ_christ_NN I-movie.name
in_in_IN O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
in_in_IN O
what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
was_be_VBD O
ju_ju_NN B-movie.name
on_on_IN I-movie.name
filmed_film_VVN O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
original_original_JJ O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
ju_ju_NN B-movie.name
on_on_IN I-movie.name

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
ju_ju_NN B-movie.name
on_on_IN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
ju_ju_NN B-movie.name
on_on_IN I-movie.name
on_on_IN O

what_what_WP O
language_language_NN O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
elling_elling_VVG B-movie.name
in_in_IN O

language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
a_a_DT B-movie.name
separation_separation_NN I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
s_s_VVZ O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
moscow_moscow_NN B-movie.name
does_do_VVZ I-movie.name
not_not_RB I-movie.name
believe_believe_VV I-movie.name
in_in_IN I-movie.name
tears_tear_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
aankhen_aankhen_NN B-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
language_language_NN O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
aankhen_aankhen_NN B-movie.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
films_film_NNS O
produced_produce_VVN O
by_by_IN O
steven_steven_JJ B-producer.name
spielberg_spielberg_NN I-producer.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
by_by_IN O
director_director_NN O
martin_martin_NN B-director.name
scorsese_scorsese_NN I-director.name

find_find_VV O
movie_movie_NN O
titles_title_NNS O

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
united_unite_VVN B-country.name
states_state_NNS I-country.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
all_all_PDT O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
which_which_WDT O
have_have_VHP O
been_be_VBN O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
james_james_NNS B-director.name
cameron_cameron_NN I-director.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
titles_title_NNS O
of_of_IN O
all_all_PDT O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_IN/that O
george_george_NN B-producer.name
lucas_lucas_NNS I-producer.name
produced_produce_VVD O

names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
indian_Indian_JJ B-movie.language
films_film_NNS O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
indian_Indian_JJ B-movie.language
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
indian_Indian_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

japanese_Japanese_JJ B-movie.language
movie_movie_NN O
titles_title_NNS O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
having_have_VHG O
pg_pg_NN B-rating.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-rating.name
rating_rating_NN O

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
get_get_VV O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
pg_pg_NN B-rating.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-rating.name
rating_rating_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O
having_have_VHG O
a_a_DT O
pg_pg_NN B-rating.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-rating.name
rating_rating_NN O

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
zombies_zombie_NNS B-movie.subject
in_in_IN O
them_them_PP O

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
the_the_DT O
names_name_NNS O
of_of_IN O
all_all_PDT O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
produced_produce_VVN O
by_by_IN O
william_William_NP B-producer.name
packer_packer_NN I-producer.name

stephen_stephen_NN B-director.name
king_king_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O
what_what_WP O
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
stephen_stephen_NN B-director.name
king_king_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

watch_watch_VV O
the_the_DT O
last_last_JJ O
james_james_NNS B-director.name
cameron_cameron_NN I-director.name
movie_movie_NN O

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
by_by_IN O
release_release_NN O
date_date_NN O

show_show_NN O
movie_movie_NN O
ratings_rating_NNS O

movie_movie_NN O
ratings_rating_NNS O

richard_richard_NN B-producer.name
lester_lester_NN I-producer.name
produced_produce_VVD O
what_what_WP O
other_other_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
westerns_western_NNS B-movie.genre

was_be_VBD O
kevin_kevin_NN B-actor.name
bacon_bacon_NN I-actor.name
in_in_IN O
apollo_apollo_NN B-movie.name
thirteen_thirteen_CD I-movie.name

i_i_NP O
need_need_NN O
movie_movie_NN O
information_information_NN O
for_for_IN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
page_page_NN O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
more_more_JJR O
about_about_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
info_info_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

please_please_UH O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
info_info_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
particulars_particular_NNS O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
see_see_VV O
more_more_JJR O
info_info_NN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
info_info_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name
please_please_RB O

display_display_NN O
information_information_NN O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
life_life_NN B-movie.name
is_be_VBZ I-movie.name
beautiful_beautiful_JJ I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
dancing_dancing_NN B-movie.subject

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
dancing_dancing_NN B-movie.subject

look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
dancing_dancing_NN B-movie.subject

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
dancing_dancing_NN B-movie.subject

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name
films_film_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
any_any_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name
has_have_VHZ O
been_be_VBN O
in_in_IN O

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name
movies_movie_NNS O

list_list_NN O
will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_VV I-actor.name
films_film_NNS O

movies_movie_NNS O
will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_VV I-actor.name
played_play_VVN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
some_some_DT O
films_film_NNS O
will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_VV I-actor.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name
been_be_VBN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
is_be_VBZ O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name
in_in_IN O

will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_Ferrell_NP I-actor.name
films_film_NNS O

will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_Ferrell_NP I-actor.name
movies_movie_NNS O

will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferrell_Ferrell_NP I-actor.name
movies_movie_NNS O

will_will_MD B-actor.name
ferell_Ferell_NP I-actor.name
videos_video_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
videos_video_NNS O
of_of_IN O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name

all_all_DT O
videos_video_NNS O
of_of_IN O
will_will_NN B-actor.name
ferrell_ferrell_NN I-actor.name

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
find_find_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
russian_Russian_JJ B-movie.language

where_where_WRB O
can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
russian_Russian_JJ B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
russian_Russian_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
russian_Russian_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
russian_Russian_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
poland_poland_NN B-country.name

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
a_a_DT O
polish_polish_NN B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language
film_film_NN O

i_i_NNS O
am_be_VBP O
interested_interested_JJ O
in_in_IN O
watching_watch_VVG O
a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN O
polish_polish_NN B-movie.language

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
a_a_DT O
polish_polish_NN B-movie.language
movie_movie_NN O

list_list_VV O
some_some_DT O
funny_funny_JJ B-movie.genre
russian_Russian_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
am_be_VBP O
looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
information_information_NN O
on_on_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
pretty_pretty_JJ B-movie.name
women_woman_NNS I-movie.name

list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
barry_Barry_NP B-director.name
sonnenfeld_Sonnenfeld_NP I-director.name
films_film_NNS O

find_find_VV O
martin_martin_NN B-director.name
scorsese_scorsese_NN I-director.name
films_film_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
which_which_WDT O
was_be_VBD O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
scorsese_scorsese_NN B-director.name

show_show_VV O
all_all_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
martin_martin_NN B-director.name
scorcese_scorcese_NN I-director.name

movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
meg_meg_NN B-actor.name
ryan_ryan_NN I-actor.name

gross_gross_JJ O
earnings_earning_NNS O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
watch_watch_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
jackie_jackie_NN B-director.name
chan_chan_NN I-director.name

star_star_NN B-movie.name
wars_war_NNS I-movie.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
the_the_DT O
plots_plot_NNS O
of_of_IN O
hotel_hotel_NN B-movie.name
rwanda_rwanda_NN I-movie.name

tim_tim_NN B-director.name
burton_burton_NN I-director.name
movies_movie_NNS O

bings_bings_NNS O
movie_movie_NN O
page_page_NN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

display_display_NN O
information_information_NN O
for_for_IN O
film_film_NN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
shortcut_shortcut_NN O

whats_whats_VVZ O
some_some_DT O
details_detail_NNS O
for_for_IN O
the_the_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

show_show_VV O
all_all_DT O
details_detail_NNS O
of_of_IN O
original_original_JJ O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

get_get_VV O
details_detail_NNS O
of_of_IN O
original_original_JJ O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O
page_page_NN O

find_find_VV O
movie_movie_NN O
finding_finding_NN B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name

display_display_VV O
all_all_DT O
details_detail_NNS O
of_of_IN O
original_original_JJ O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

find_find_VV O
all_all_DT O
details_detail_NNS O
of_of_IN O
original_original_JJ O
finding_find_VVG B-movie.name
nemo_nemo_NN I-movie.name
movie_movie_NN O

what_what_WP O
has_have_VHZ O
andrew_andrew_JJ B-director.name
stanton_stanton_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
andrew_andrew_JJ B-director.name
stanton_stanton_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O

what_what_WP O
did_do_VVD O
lee_lee_JJ B-director.name
unkrich_unkrich_NNS I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
with_with_IN O
albert_albert_NN B-actor.name
brooks_brook_NNS I-actor.name
in_in_IN O
it_it_PP O

find_find_VV O
me_me_PP O
films_film_NNS O
produced_produce_VVN O
by_by_IN O
drew_draw_VVD B-producer.name
barrymore_barrymore_NN I-producer.name

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_DT O
clint_clint_NN B-director.name
eastwood_eastwood_NN I-director.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O
did_do_VVD O
he_he_PP O
also_also_RB O
direct_direct_JJ O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
clint_clint_NN B-director.name
eastwood_eastwood_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O
and_and_CC O
star_star_JJ O
in_in_IN O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
watch_watch_VV O
a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
by_by_IN O
sergio_sergio_NN B-director.name
leone_leone_NN I-director.name

show_show_NN O
sergio_sergio_NN B-director.name
leone_leone_NN I-director.name
's_'s_POS O
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
sergio_sergio_NN B-director.name
leone_leone_NN I-director.name

movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
have_have_VHP O
been_be_VBN O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
tony_tony_JJ B-director.name
scott_scott_NN I-director.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
brazil_brazil_NN B-country.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
horror_horror_NN B-movie.genre
movie_movie_NN O
earnings_earning_NNS O

movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
harrison_harrison_NN B-actor.name
ford_ford_NN I-actor.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
only_only_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
harrison_harrison_NN B-actor.name
ford_ford_NN I-actor.name

name_name_VV O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
clive_clive_JJ B-actor.name
owen_owen_NN I-actor.name
has_have_VHZ O
been_be_VBN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
clive_clive_NN B-actor.name
owen_owen_NN I-actor.name
been_be_VBN O
in_in_IN O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
clive_clive_JJ B-actor.name
owen_owen_NN I-actor.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O

find_find_VV O
ms._ms._JJ B-movie.name
congeniality_congeniality_NN I-movie.name

find_find_VV O
spike_spike_VV B-director.name
lee_lee_JJ I-director.name
directed_directed_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
spike_spike_NN B-director.name
lee_lee_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

movies_movie_NNS O
cecil_cecil_NN B-director.name
b_b_NN I-director.name
demille_demille_NN I-director.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
a_a_DT O
comedy_comedy_NN B-movie.genre
in_in_IN O
spanish_Spanish_NN B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
films_film_NNS O

find_find_VV O
films_film_NNS O

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O

in_in_IN O
search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O

looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O

are_be_VBP O
there_there_RB O
movies_movie_NNS O
not_not_RB O
rated_rate_VVN O
g_g_NN B-rating.name

i_i_NP O
don_don_NN O
't_'t_NN O
want_want_VVP O
any_any_DT O
g_g_NN B-rating.name
rated_rate_VVN O
movies_movie_NNS O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
find_find_VV O
some_some_DT O
drama_drama_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NP O
'd_will_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
watch_watch_VV O
something_something_NN O
with_with_IN O
drama_drama_NN B-movie.genre

looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
a_a_DT O
drama_drama_NN B-movie.genre
movie_movie_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
english_English_NN B-movie.language

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
english_English_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
english_English_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

can_can_MD O
i_i_NNS O
get_get_VV O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
available_available_JJ O
in_in_IN O
english_English_NN B-movie.language

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
english_English_NN B-movie.language

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
english_English_NN B-movie.language

movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
english_English_NN B-movie.language

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
all_all_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-country.name
united_unite_VVN I-country.name
states_state_NNS I-country.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
all_all_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
by_by_IN O
united_united_JJ B-country.name
states_state_NNS I-country.name

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
have_have_VHP O
been_be_VBN O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT B-country.name
united_unite_VVN I-country.name
states_state_NNS I-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
the_the_DT B-country.name
us_us_PP I-country.name

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
all_all_RB O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
usa_usa_NN B-country.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
america_america_NN B-country.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
america_america_NN I-country.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
america_america_NN B-country.name

please_please_UH O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
if_if_IN O
you_you_PP O
have_have_VHP O
any_any_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
the_the_DT B-country.name
united_unite_VVN I-country.name
states_state_NNS I-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
the_the_DT B-country.name
us_us_PP I-country.name

please_please_UH O
tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
about_about_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
the_the_DT B-country.name
usa_usa_NN I-country.name

english_English_JJ B-movie.language
movie_movie_NN O
list_list_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
thrillers_thriller_NNS B-movie.genre

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
thrillers_thriller_NNS B-movie.genre

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
comedies_comedy_NNS B-movie.genre

looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
a_a_DT O
comedy_comedy_NN B-movie.genre
movie_movie_NN O

see_see_VV O
comedy_comedy_NN B-movie.genre

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
comedy_comedy_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
funny_funny_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
have_have_VHP O
comedy_comedy_NN B-movie.genre

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
scary_scary_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NP O
am_be_VBP O
in_in_IN O
the_the_DT O
mood_mood_NN O
for_for_IN O
a_a_DT O
horror_horror_NN B-movie.genre
film_film_NN O

looking_look_VVG O
for_for_IN O
a_a_DT O
horror_horror_NN B-movie.genre
movie_movie_NN O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
horror_horror_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
horror_horror_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
only_only_RB O
horror_horror_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
scary_scary_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
scary_scary_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

funny_funny_JJ O
scary_scary_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

movies_movie_NNS O
by_by_IN O
producer_producer_NN O

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
by_by_IN O
producer_producer_NN O

movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
bruce_bruce_NN B-actor.name
willis_willis_NNS I-actor.name

clint_clint_JJ B-actor.name
eastwood_eastwood_NN I-actor.name
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
canada_canada_NN B-country.name

get_get_VV O
me_me_PP O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
canada_canada_NN B-country.name

look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
information_information_NN O
about_about_IN O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

get_get_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
canada_canada_NN B-country.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
any_any_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
canada_canada_NN B-country.name

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
filmed_film_VVN O
in_in_IN O
canada_canada_NN B-country.name

get_get_VV O
films_film_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
canada_canada_NN B-country.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
films_film_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

are_be_VBP O
there_there_RB O
any_any_DT O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

are_be_VBP O
there_there_RB O
any_any_DT O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
canadian_Canadian_JJ B-country.name
films_film_NNS O

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
outside_outside_IN B-country.name
the_the_DT I-country.name
us_us_PP I-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
germany_germany_NN B-country.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
watch_watch_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
germany_germany_NN B-country.name

display_display_NN O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
germany_germany_NN B-country.name

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
done_do_VVN O
in_in_IN O
germany_germany_NN B-country.name

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
do_do_VVP O
you_you_PP O
have_have_VHP O
that_that_DT O
were_be_VBD O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
italy_italy_RB B-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
italy_italy_RB B-country.name

does_do_VVZ O
italy_italy_RB B-country.name
make_make_VV O
any_any_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
italian_Italian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

italian_Italian_JJ B-country.name
films_film_NNS O

italian_Italian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
italian_Italian_JJ B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

get_get_VV O
all_all_DT O
italian_Italian_JJ B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

send_send_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
are_be_VBP O
in_in_IN O
italian_Italian_NN B-movie.language

movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
italian_Italian_JJ B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
italian_Italian_NN B-movie.language

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
are_be_VBP O
in_in_IN O
italian_Italian_NN B-movie.language

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
italian_Italian_NN B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
italian_Italian_NN B-movie.language

a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
all_all_DT O
italian_Italian_JJ B-movie.language
speaking_speaking_NN I-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

see_see_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
see_see_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

are_be_VBP O
there_there_RB O
any_any_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
spain_spain_NN B-country.name

bring_bring_VV O
up_up_RP O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

get_get_VV O
me_me_PP O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

I_I_PP O
'd_will_MD O
like_like_VV O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

I_I_PP O
'd_will_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
know_know_VV O
some_some_DT O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
only_only_RB O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
look_look_VV O
up_up_RP O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

list_list_NN O
spanish_Spanish_NN B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

list_list_NN O
spanish_Spanish_NN B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

look_look_NN O
for_for_IN O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movie_movie_NN O
listing_listing_NN O

spanish_Spanish_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
romance_romance_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
romance_romance_NN B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
me_me_PP O
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
find_find_VV O
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

locate_locate_VV O
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O
for_for_IN O
me_me_PP O

list_list_VV O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
are_be_VBP O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NN B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
french_French_JJ B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

find_find_NN O
movies_movie_NNS O
is_be_VBZ O
french_French_JJ B-movie.language

list_list_NN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

look_look_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
produced_produce_VVN O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

show_show_NN O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

show_show_VV O
only_only_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
are_be_VBP O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NN B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
french_French_JJ B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
all_all_DT O
french_French_JJ B-movie.language
speaking_speaking_NN I-movie.language
films_film_NNS O

list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
french_French_JJ B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

can_can_MD O
you_you_PP O
list_list_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NNS B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
all_all_DT O
films_film_NNS O
showing_show_VVG O
in_in_IN O
french_French_NN B-movie.language

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
all_all_PDT O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
produced_produce_VVN O
by_by_IN O
william_William_NP B-producer.name
packer_packer_NN I-producer.name

information_information_NN O
about_about_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
information_information_NN O
about_about_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
information_information_NN O
on_on_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

tell_tell_VV O
me_me_PP O
about_about_IN O
movie_movie_NN O

please_please_UH O
show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
all_all_RB O
of_of_IN O
the_the_DT O
films_film_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
involve_involve_VVP O
kevin_kevin_NN B-actor.name
bacon_bacon_NN I-actor.name

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
9-11_@card@_CD B-movie.subject

what_what_WP O
other_other_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
bill_bill_NN B-actor.name
paxton_paxton_NN I-actor.name
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_IN O

find_find_VV O
some_some_DT O
suspenseful_suspenseful_JJ B-movie.genre
movies_movie_NNS O

a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
based_base_VVN O
on_on_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

find_find_VV O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject
movies_movie_NNS O

give_give_VV O
me_me_PP O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject
movies_movie_NNS O

movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
with_with_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject
themes_theme_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_NN O
videos_video_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject
movies_movie_NNS O

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
movies_movie_NNS O
whose_whose_WP$ O
topic_topic_NN O
involves_involve_VVZ O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
about_about_IN O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
are_be_VBP O
related_relate_VVN O
to_to_TO O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

what_what_WP O
are_be_VBP O
some_some_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
that_that_WDT O
involve_involve_VVP O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
discuss_discuss_VVP O
time_time_NN B-movie.subject
travel_travel_NN I-movie.subject

quentin_quentin_NN B-director.name
tarrantino_tarrantino_NN I-director.name
movies_movie_NNS O

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
did_do_VVD O
quentin_quentin_NN B-director.name
terrantino_terrantino_NN I-director.name
direct_direct_JJ O

list_list_VV O
the_the_DT O
movies_movie_NNS O
anna_anna_NN B-actor.name
paquin_paquin_NN I-actor.name
has_have_VHZ O
starred_star_VVN O
in_in_RP O

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
england_england_NN B-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
england_england_NN B-country.name

movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
england_england_NN B-country.name
please_please_RB O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
england_england_NN B-country.name
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
from_from_IN O
england_england_NN B-country.name

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
movies_movie_NNS O
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
england_england_NN B-country.name

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
directed_direct_VVN O
by_by_IN O
chris_chris_NN B-director.name
columbus_Columbus_NN I-director.name

what_what_WP O
other_other_JJ O
movies_movie_NNS O
has_have_VHZ O
richard_richard_JJ B-director.name
lester_lester_NN I-director.name
directed_direct_VVD O

search_search_NN O
for_for_IN O
movies_movie_NNS O
by_by_IN O
language_language_NN O

mandarin_mandarin_NN B-movie.language
movie_movie_NN O
please_please_RB O

please_please_UH O
find_find_VV O
a_a_DT O
movie_movie_NN O
in_in_IN O
mandarin_mandarin_NN B-movie.language

movie_movie_NN O
made_make_VVD O
in_in_IN O
mandarin_mandarin_NN B-movie.language

which_which_WDT O
movies_movie_NNS O
are_be_VBP O
originally_originally_RB O
in_in_IN O
a_a_DT B-movie.language
foreign_foreign_JJ I-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language

find_find_VV O
me_me_PP O
tamil_Tamil_NN B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

show_show_VV O
me_me_PP O
the_the_DT O
latest_late_JJS O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
tamil_Tamil_NN B-movie.language

find_find_VV O
hindi_Hindi_NN B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

find_find_VV O
movies_movie_NNS O
in_in_IN O
hindi_hindi_NNS B-movie.language

list_list_VV O
the_the_DT O
hindi_Hindi_NN B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

what_what_WP O
is_be_VBZ O
hindi_Hindi_NN B-movie.language

i_i_NP O
would_would_MD O
like_like_VV O
to_to_TO O
get_get_VV O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
movie_movie_NN O
names_name_NNS O
in_in_IN O
hindi_Hindi_NN B-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language

what_what_WP O
films_film_NNS O
are_be_VBP O
not_not_RB B-movie.language
spoken_speak_VVN I-movie.language
in_in_IN I-movie.language
english_English_NN I-movie.language

what_what_WP O
movies_movie_NNS O
are_be_VBP O
spoken_speak_VVN B-movie.language
in_in_IN I-movie.language
another_another_DT I-movie.language
language_language_NN I-movie.language

i_i_NNS O
want_want_VVP O
to_to_TO O
watch_watch_VV O
a_a_DT O
romance_romance_NN B-movie.genre
made_make_VVN O
in_in_IN O
india_india_NN B-country.name

i_i_NNS O
need_need_VVP O
to_to_TO O
get_get_VV O
a_a_DT O
list_list_NN O
of_of_IN O
some_some_DT O
romantic_romantic_JJ B-movie.genre
indian_Indian_JJ B-movie.language
movies_movie_NNS O

